# Overview

This is a fangame of SuperTux and SuperTux Advance. In this game, you play as Konqi and win danmaku battles using the power of save states!

# How to execute the program

Open the `built/TuxPlanet2.html` file in a web browser.

# Licensing

##### Programming

The source code of this game is licensed under GPL 3.0. However, note that it uses dependencies and other assets that are licensed under different licenses.

##### Font

The font used by this game was generated by metaflop. (See http://www.metaflop.com/modulator for more details about metaflop.) As the website notes: "All outline-based fonts (webfonts or otf) that are generated with this project are licensed under the SIL Open Font License v1.1 (OFL). This means that you can freely use and extend the fonts and also use them commercially. Any derivative work has to be made freely available under the same license."

##### Images

Image files were created by:
* Kelvin Shadewing
* Kenney
* KnoblePersona

See the `built/Data/Images/` folder for more details -- a `license.txt` file is located in each subfolder.

##### Sound effects

Sound effects were created by:
* Basto
* Kenney

See the `built/Data/Sound/` folder for more details -- a `license.txt` file is located in each subfolder.

##### Music

Music tracks were created by:
* Juhani Junkala
* Spring Spring
* wansti

See the `built/Data/Music/` folder for more details -- a `license.txt` file is located in each subfolder.

# How to compile the source code

The game is written in TypeScript. TypeScript uses the `tsconfig.json` file to determine the configuration settings for this project; notably, this file specifies that the source code is located in the `src` folder, and the output files should be written to the `built` folder.

Install TypeScript and run the TypeScript compiler; this will compile the source code (i.e. the `.ts` files in the `src` folder) and create corresponding `.js` files in the `built` folder.

Then, to run the game, simply run `built/TuxPlanet2.html` in a web browser.

Note that if you add, remove, move, or rename any of the `.ts` files, you'll have to modify `built/TuxPlanet2.html` accordingly, since each javascript file is individually listed.
